content/posts/fox-village-in-japan.md, before:

---
title: 10 inspiring blogs on sustainable living
subtitle: 'Blogs to find inspiration and guidance to live mindfully '
date: '2021-04-11'
thumb_img_path: /images/jazmin-quaynor-8ioenvmof-i-unsplash.jpg
thumb_img_alt: A red fox sitting on a meadow
content_img_path: /images/robin-schreiner-7y4858e8pfa-unsplash.jpg
excerpt: >-
  Apparently, Japan is covered in magical and irresistibly cute animal
  sanctuaries. The Shrines of Ise have been celebrated as the prototype of
  Japanese architecture. Largely of wood, traditional housing and many temple
  buildings see the use of tatami mats and sliding doors that break down the
  distinction between rooms and indoor and outdoor space.
seo:
  type: stackbit_page_meta
  template: stackbit_page_meta
  title: Fox Village In Japan
  description: >-
    Apparently, Japan is covered in magical and irresistibly cute animal
    sanctuaries.
  extra:
    - name: 'og:type'
      value: article
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:title'
      value: Fox Village In Japan
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:description'
      value: >-
        Apparently, Japan is covered in magical and irresistibly cute animal
        sanctuaries.
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:image'
      value: images/10.jpg
      keyName: property
      relativeUrl: true
    - name: 'twitter:card'
      value: summary_large_image
    - name: 'twitter:title'
      value: Fox Village In Japan
    - name: 'twitter:description'
      value: >-
        Apparently, Japan is covered in magical and irresistibly cute animal
        sanctuaries.
    - name: 'twitter:image'
      value: images/10.jpg
      relativeUrl: true
layout: post
---
We're always in search of inspiring and educational content that can help us navigate the ever more complex world of living a conscious lifestyle. Making ethical choices in our everyday life might at times seem overwhelming. This is why we love to find new people sharing their experiences and knowledge on topics like ethical activism, sustainable fashion, zero waste living, organic products, healthy food tips, and more. We have curated 10 of our favorite sustainable living blogs where you can find inspirations, guidance, and a good dose of reading bliss.

> We have curated 10 of our favorite sustainable living blogs where you can find inspirations, guidance, and a good dose of reading bliss.

##### 1.[The Good Trade](https://www.thegoodtrade.com/)

We've long been fans of [The Good Trade](https://www.thegoodtrade.com/) and their thoughtful pieces around conscious living, self-care, ethical shopping, and slow fashion! Based in Los Angeles and covering everything from beauty and wellness to culture, they are a lively resource for anyone looking to switch to ethically-made alternatives. We love reading their meaningful and inspiring ways to give back. For weekly doses of inspiration and curated lists of ethical products, add The Good Trade to your inbox.

##### 2.[EcoCult](https://ecocult.com/)

We love [EcoCult](https://ecocult.com/) as a hub for everything conscious in travel, fashion, beauty, food and home decor. Editor Alden Wicker is a lively and engaging voice in the green living movement, with mind-opening knowledge to share. From visiting artisans around the world to researching affordable ways to shop ethically, she offers practical ways to make conscious living easier. For a fun read about sustainable living, give EcoCult a look.

##### 3.[Life + Style + Justice](http://www.lifestylejustice.com/) 

[Life + Style + Justice](http://www.lifestylejustice.com/) is influencer Hannah's outlet for navigating ethical and fair trade brands while staying true to her values. More than most bloggers, she digs deep into the behind-the-scenes of artisan wages and even travels to social enterprises in Southeast Asia. We love the raw, honest perspective she gives to the nitty gritty, researching beyond the marketing and certifications to the first-hand experience of real people. 3.

##### 4. [Melanin & Sustainable Style](https://melaninass.com/) 

[Melanin & Sustainable Style](https://melaninass.com/) is an incredible platform promoting ethical living, sustainability and diversity in one inclusive space. Founder Dominique Drakeford is dedicated to celebrating holistic wellness and empowering communities of color. Tying the bridge between nature and culture, she features captivating interviews with ethical brands owned by women of color. Follow [MelaninASS](https://melaninass.com/) for thoughtfully curated content on non-toxic style, sustainable beauty and self-care.

##### 5. [Sustainably Chic](https://www.sustainably-chic.com/) 

With beautiful fair OOTDs and ethical fashion recommendations, [Sustainably Chic](https://www.sustainably-chic.com/) is a passionate voice in the slow fashion and sustainability movements. Founder Natalie Kay brings a fresh perspective to the garment industry, and dives into the latest trends and styles for what responsible fashion could look like. Her community is an amazing mix of fashion enthusiasts and conscious consumers who believe in investing in people and the earth for a positive impact. If that resonates with you too, you'll feel at home with Sustainably Chic. 

##### 6.[Going Zero Waste](https://www.goingzerowaste.com/)

After a health scare prompted her to make the switch to whole, from-scratch foods, all-natural deodorant, homemade cleaning products, and more, Kathryn Kellogg started [Going Zero Waste](https://www.goingzerowaste.com/) to share all that she was learning. Filled with actionable tips, and informative pieces on things like the circular economy and finding your very own zero waste community, this blog has all the tools you'll need to start living more sustainably.

##### 7. [Sustainable Daisy](https://sustainabledaisy.com/)

Karen is an environmental scientist by day and an ethical fashion and sustainable living blogger by night at [Sustainable Daisy](https://sustainabledaisy.com/). Her background gives her a unique and thoughtful viewpoint that she shares with her readers and followers. Read earth-friendly product reviews, get thrift shopping tips, and learn new ways to simplify your sustainable lifestyle on her blog, or give her a follow on Instagram for more inspiration!

##### 8.[Eco Warrior Princess](https://ecowarriorprincess.net/) 

[Eco Warrior Princess](https://ecowarriorprincess.net/) was founded in 2010 by Jennifer Nini, an activist and certified organic farm owner. On the website, she talks about environmentalism and feminism in blunt, no-bullcrap ways. The whole website is very professional and her dry style of writing makes boring ethical living blogs seem much more entertaining!

> As well as sustainable living, Jennifer is dedicated to equality and social justice, helping to lift up other women with sustainability blogs and companies.

##### 9. [Inhabitat](https://inhabitat.com/) 

[Inhabitat](https://inhabitat.com/) is a green design and lifestyle blog founded in 2005 by eco-conscious designer Jill Fehrenbacher. The blog is based around the concept of eco-friendly design, whether that’s buildings, t-shirts, products, or anything else. A long-standing environmentalist blog with an army of loyal followers, Inhabitat has positioned itself as one of the leading voices on sustainable design.

##### 10. [Trash Is For Tossers](https://trashisfortossers.com/features/) 

Featured on BBC and Vogue, this blog was started by Lauren Singer, the Founder and CEO of Package Free. Lauren has kept all the trash she’s been unable to reuse or recycle in the past 8 years. It fits into a 16 oz. mason jar. The [Trash Is For Tossers](https://trashisfortossers.com/features/) blog is filled with guides, how-tos, recipes, talks, and popular YouTube videos created by Lauren and co. to help people like you find ways to live more sustainably.

>

Commit message:

fox-village-in-japan.md: updated excerpt

content/posts/fox-village-in-japan.md, after:

---
title: 10 inspiring blogs on sustainable living
subtitle: 'Blogs to find inspiration and guidance to live mindfully '
date: '2021-04-11'
thumb_img_path: /images/jazmin-quaynor-8ioenvmof-i-unsplash.jpg
thumb_img_alt: A red fox sitting on a meadow
content_img_path: /images/robin-schreiner-7y4858e8pfa-unsplash.jpg
excerpt: >-
  We're always in search of inspiring and educational content that can help us
  navigate the ever more complex world of living a conscious lifestyle. Making
  ethical choices in our everyday life might at times seem overwhelming. This is
  why we love to find new people sharing their experiences and knowledge on
  topics like ethical activism, sustainable fashion, zero waste living, organic
  products, healthy food tips, and more. We have curated 10 of our favorite
  sustainable living blogs where you can find inspirations, guidance, and a good
  dose of reading bliss.
seo:
  type: stackbit_page_meta
  template: stackbit_page_meta
  title: Fox Village In Japan
  description: >-
    Apparently, Japan is covered in magical and irresistibly cute animal
    sanctuaries.
  extra:
    - name: 'og:type'
      value: article
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:title'
      value: Fox Village In Japan
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:description'
      value: >-
        Apparently, Japan is covered in magical and irresistibly cute animal
        sanctuaries.
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:image'
      value: images/10.jpg
      keyName: property
      relativeUrl: true
    - name: 'twitter:card'
      value: summary_large_image
    - name: 'twitter:title'
      value: Fox Village In Japan
    - name: 'twitter:description'
      value: >-
        Apparently, Japan is covered in magical and irresistibly cute animal
        sanctuaries.
    - name: 'twitter:image'
      value: images/10.jpg
      relativeUrl: true
layout: post
---
We're always in search of inspiring and educational content that can help us navigate the ever more complex world of living a conscious lifestyle. Making ethical choices in our everyday life might at times seem overwhelming. This is why we love to find new people sharing their experiences and knowledge on topics like ethical activism, sustainable fashion, zero waste living, organic products, healthy food tips, and more. We have curated 10 of our favorite sustainable living blogs where you can find inspirations, guidance, and a good dose of reading bliss.

> We have curated 10 of our favorite sustainable living blogs where you can find inspirations, guidance, and a good dose of reading bliss.

##### 1.[The Good Trade](https://www.thegoodtrade.com/)

We've long been fans of [The Good Trade](https://www.thegoodtrade.com/) and their thoughtful pieces around conscious living, self-care, ethical shopping, and slow fashion! Based in Los Angeles and covering everything from beauty and wellness to culture, they are a lively resource for anyone looking to switch to ethically-made alternatives. We love reading their meaningful and inspiring ways to give back. For weekly doses of inspiration and curated lists of ethical products, add The Good Trade to your inbox.

##### 2.[EcoCult](https://ecocult.com/)

We love [EcoCult](https://ecocult.com/) as a hub for everything conscious in travel, fashion, beauty, food and home decor. Editor Alden Wicker is a lively and engaging voice in the green living movement, with mind-opening knowledge to share. From visiting artisans around the world to researching affordable ways to shop ethically, she offers practical ways to make conscious living easier. For a fun read about sustainable living, give EcoCult a look.

##### 3.[Life + Style + Justice](http://www.lifestylejustice.com/) 

[Life + Style + Justice](http://www.lifestylejustice.com/) is influencer Hannah's outlet for navigating ethical and fair trade brands while staying true to her values. More than most bloggers, she digs deep into the behind-the-scenes of artisan wages and even travels to social enterprises in Southeast Asia. We love the raw, honest perspective she gives to the nitty gritty, researching beyond the marketing and certifications to the first-hand experience of real people. 3.

##### 4. [Melanin & Sustainable Style](https://melaninass.com/) 

[Melanin & Sustainable Style](https://melaninass.com/) is an incredible platform promoting ethical living, sustainability and diversity in one inclusive space. Founder Dominique Drakeford is dedicated to celebrating holistic wellness and empowering communities of color. Tying the bridge between nature and culture, she features captivating interviews with ethical brands owned by women of color. Follow [MelaninASS](https://melaninass.com/) for thoughtfully curated content on non-toxic style, sustainable beauty and self-care.

##### 5. [Sustainably Chic](https://www.sustainably-chic.com/) 

With beautiful fair OOTDs and ethical fashion recommendations, [Sustainably Chic](https://www.sustainably-chic.com/) is a passionate voice in the slow fashion and sustainability movements. Founder Natalie Kay brings a fresh perspective to the garment industry, and dives into the latest trends and styles for what responsible fashion could look like. Her community is an amazing mix of fashion enthusiasts and conscious consumers who believe in investing in people and the earth for a positive impact. If that resonates with you too, you'll feel at home with Sustainably Chic. 

##### 6.[Going Zero Waste](https://www.goingzerowaste.com/)

After a health scare prompted her to make the switch to whole, from-scratch foods, all-natural deodorant, homemade cleaning products, and more, Kathryn Kellogg started [Going Zero Waste](https://www.goingzerowaste.com/) to share all that she was learning. Filled with actionable tips, and informative pieces on things like the circular economy and finding your very own zero waste community, this blog has all the tools you'll need to start living more sustainably.

##### 7. [Sustainable Daisy](https://sustainabledaisy.com/)

Karen is an environmental scientist by day and an ethical fashion and sustainable living blogger by night at [Sustainable Daisy](https://sustainabledaisy.com/). Her background gives her a unique and thoughtful viewpoint that she shares with her readers and followers. Read earth-friendly product reviews, get thrift shopping tips, and learn new ways to simplify your sustainable lifestyle on her blog, or give her a follow on Instagram for more inspiration!

##### 8.[Eco Warrior Princess](https://ecowarriorprincess.net/) 

[Eco Warrior Princess](https://ecowarriorprincess.net/) was founded in 2010 by Jennifer Nini, an activist and certified organic farm owner. On the website, she talks about environmentalism and feminism in blunt, no-bullcrap ways. The whole website is very professional and her dry style of writing makes boring ethical living blogs seem much more entertaining!

> As well as sustainable living, Jennifer is dedicated to equality and social justice, helping to lift up other women with sustainability blogs and companies.

##### 9. [Inhabitat](https://inhabitat.com/) 

[Inhabitat](https://inhabitat.com/) is a green design and lifestyle blog founded in 2005 by eco-conscious designer Jill Fehrenbacher. The blog is based around the concept of eco-friendly design, whether that’s buildings, t-shirts, products, or anything else. A long-standing environmentalist blog with an army of loyal followers, Inhabitat has positioned itself as one of the leading voices on sustainable design.

##### 10. [Trash Is For Tossers](https://trashisfortossers.com/features/) 

Featured on BBC and Vogue, this blog was started by Lauren Singer, the Founder and CEO of Package Free. Lauren has kept all the trash she’s been unable to reuse or recycle in the past 8 years. It fits into a 16 oz. mason jar. The [Trash Is For Tossers](https://trashisfortossers.com/features/) blog is filled with guides, how-tos, recipes, talks, and popular YouTube videos created by Lauren and co. to help people like you find ways to live more sustainably.

>
